New Checklist

Tinker with temperature
 Does salience need to come into it? Level does. A high-level
 bridge-back failure ought to cost dearly
Top-down/bottom-up flow
  bridges posted by SP-finders
  number of bridges per level ought to be principled by stuff there
  bridge-back failure leads to search for new SPs
  handle the messy job of having all three phases going on at once?
    in an intricate dance?
Activations -- What for, and when?
  How else would you relate less height, less width and less weight?
  Could it be used just in the Drafter? Don't see it helping here.

Keep a list where you tack the letter onto the workspace and file
it away; if you need to delete it, you can re-arrange the lower two
levels of the TF

More complex promotion/demotion
 NVs should be promoted only with prob 1/number-of-roles
 Some NVs are more general than others
 Some rules are more general than others
 Demotion should be more likely at higher levels
 Big motifs should not be replaced with smaller matches

On higher levels -- remove motifs which are subsets of bigger ones?

Motif types
 Full hierarchy would be:
  literal, translations, rotate/reflect 180, rotate/reflect 90,
  rotate/reflect 45/135

------

CHECK Hey, we didn't look for ARs that were irrelevant; now bridge-back
gives you a demotion for that! (Maybe bridge-out, too)

CHECK We don't want to actually perform pro/demotions until letter is
accepted! Have an extra buffer to store the pro/demotions in, and then
crank them out later?

CHECK Promotion eradicates the old SP. So motifs always shrink!
Leave the old motif where it was during promotion. You can still
delete it during demotion (when it won't shrink, anyway).

-------

THEMATIC FOCUS:

	A row for each letter category. This will be all we need to
indicate that an SP has turned up at least once.

	A row to indicate SPs that have turned up at least twice.
	A row for SPs that have turned up "sometimes."
	A row for SPs that are "nearly universal."


Bugs?
	Spark values of loop roles going over 100
	Fixed, but will have to re-test Examiner.
	Also, role-defs are liable to change for a while.
	Make weight more fine-grained? Big curves?
	punish bigger deviations from norm more

NORM-VIOLATIONS


	OK, lots missing. Namely, the different ways of looking at
them, and all the tip ones, including rotation, and the r-role ones.
	Curve -- OK, now

	Example - Height of SHORT-b
	(height less) (height x-height -> t-height)

	Thus NV-compare (implemented), NV-value, NV-mapping


	ROLE-DEFS -- lots of revision to do here

	Tip NVs: Radial (N, S, E, W). Inward/Outward? Rotation
"Clockwise", "Counter-clockwise." Rotation a property of each tip, or
of both?

	Inward/Outward?

	But WHICH tip? Right tip down, left-tip left, etc.
	Gotta compute the default position of the tip in relation to
the other tip.

	Gotta allow multiple which-tip designations to make it to the
SP list. (right, up-right, etc)

	R-role NVs: Should touch and don't. Shouldn't and do (rare, I
imagine). touch NVs:
less, minus-t, minus-m, plus-t, plus-m, into, out-of, more, diff


ACTIVATIONS

orientations, compass directions, angles, dimension-directions/NVs
inward/outward tip shift
superordinates of the above

Come in when?
 Superordinates, only when activation spreads.

Behavior -> activation
 Worm could
 Comparer
 Certain abstract rules, but do what to the activation? If backslash
 is banned, deactivate it? Sure -- push it towards -100.

Activation -> behavior
 Worm, could be added with pain
 
TEMPERATURE

bridge-ahead finds nothing in TF
 Bad, but only very slightly.
 Move temp towards 15, modest pace.

bridge-ahead finds something in TF
 Good. The higher the TF level, the better.
 Move temp towards 0, pace by TF (higher = faster).

bridge-back finds nothing in workspace
 Worst of all. The higher the TF level, the worse.
 Move temp towards 100, pace by TF (higher = faster).

bridge-back finds something in workspace
 Good. The higher the TF level, the better.
 Move temp towards 0, pace by TF (higher = faster).

promoter -- only deals with actual bridges, whereas the interesting
stuff is detected in bridgebuilding
