		Height	Width	Weight	Horiz	Roof	Floor	Curve
Endpoint permutations:

L R
T B
LT RB
RT LB

Like Chinese character strokes, we could always go T to B when
possible, L to R when that's a washout

Curvature can take 9 possibilities:

Straight	--
F-curve		v-
Question-mark	^-
Iota-curve	-v
Comma-curve	-^
Cnterclockwise	vv
Clockwise	^^
S-curve		v^
Z-curve		^v

In addition, Clockwise and Counterclockwise, if closed all the way
around, make a worthwhile 10th curvature possibility

Other norms:

Tips/Endpoints (location, orientation)
Squares
Center-of-gravity
Midpoint location

Neighbor-touching
Rest-of-gridletter prototypes

With regard to any of these, how do you allow for leeway in the norms?

	a) Two values, with one weighted less
		i.e. (very-tall 10) (tall 6)
	b) Define a range (tall very-tall)
	c) Give one norm, but give partial credit for proximity

More on norms:

	What about properties that are permissable for a role, but not
for the whole? Especially with g and j and y and q.

	A j's or y's descender can end vertically, or possibly even
curved to the right. A g's can't, due to q. How do we do this... on
the role level (so g's descender has to be regarded as its own thing)
or on the whole level, where an r-role forbids g from doing that? This
is a more general issue, but is most applicable here.

R-roles:

Given part 1 and part 2, how do they touch?

no-touch	Obvious
major-t		Part 1's tip touches Part 2's mid
minor-t		Part 1's mid touches Part 2's tip
x-cross		Part 1's mid touches Part 2's mid
junction	Part 1's tip touches Part 2's tip

	And multiple touches possible (esp. 2). Are we going to do
this on such a global level that's important, or just on the tip-level
where multiple touches would be considered as such (a touch in one
place and a touch in another)?

PURE ADJUDICATOR/DRAFTER

Norm-violation consideration:
With respect to, i.e. vertical position, could consider a t's crossbar
being raised as either:

ROOF more [possibly with FLOOR more, as well]

or, you could consider it:

X-HEIGHT -> T-HEIGHT

