CHECK tf-search is random.. looks for match in one place, instead of being
exhaustive

SHOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM, BECAUSE REPEATS WON'T OCCUR
duplicates of motifs counted multiply
BUT THEY SHOULD, FOR MOTIFS and NVs, MAYBE

CHECK (not tested) demotion and bridge-back, obviously

set up phases of posting, temperature control, conditions of quitting
 all the SP-finders
 all the bridge-builders
 NOTE a bridge-out and bridge-back on the same SP could cause an
error, because the second one to deal with it might find it not there,
anymore; if so, the remove-from-TF will do nothing; this should be
detected and prevent the add-to-TF from doing anything
 all the promoters

COMMENT: basic stuff added, but not temperature; see no problem with
multiple bridges on one SP; let it bifurcate; it won't crash

probabilistic promotion/demotion, by "newsworthiness"

NEED TO DO

add activations to weight certain things

NEED TO DO

test that sucker

Scoring: move temperature a certain fraction (1/20?) towards a baseline
Start at 50.

Out-bridge to *letter-rows* -- baseline to 15
to successive levels of TF: to 12, 9, 6, 3, 0

Promote -- baseline to 0

Demote -- baseline to 100

(define thermo
  (lambda (test)
    (let*
      ([aim (if test 100 0)]
       [new-temp (+ (* 0.90 temp) (* 0.10 aim))])
      (set! temp new-temp))))

---------

New Checklist

More complex promotion/demotion
Scoring via temperature -- When? Promotion or Bridge-building?
Activations -- What for, and when?
Top-down/bottom-up flow
  bridges posted by SP-finders
  bridge-back failure leads to search for new SPs
  handle the messy job of having all three phases going on at once?
    in an intricate dance?

CHECK Hey, we didn't look for ARs that were irrelevant; now bridge-back
gives you a demotion for that! (Maybe bridge-out, too)

CHECK We don't want to actually perform pro/demotions until letter is
accepted! Have an extra buffer to store the pro/demotions in, and then
crank them out later?

CHECK Promotion eradicates the old SP. So motifs always shrink!
Leave the old motif where it was during promotion. You can still
delete it during demotion (when it won't shrink, anyway).
