From rehling Tue Sep  9 13:53:40 1997
Received: by horsie.cogsci.indiana.edu.cogsci.indiana.edu
	(4.1/9.2jsm) id AA21583; Tue, 9 Sep 97 13:53:21 EST
From: John Rehling <rehling>
Subject: Adjudicator Innards
To: dughof (Douglas Hofstadter)
Date: Tue, 9 Sep 1997 13:53:20 -0500 (EST)
Cc: rehling (John Rehling)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24]
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Length: 4808      
Status: RO

	Hey, Hey,
	How's the surfing? During a brief interlude between
conferences, I'm trying to get significant programming done on the
Adjudicator. I don't foresee any major revisions from what I'd
presented, but there are a few details here an there, plus
nomenclature decisions. I'm including a tentative name for a number of
things, but I'm making some up right here and right now, so
suggestions are welcome.

	To start off with, I've been calling it the "Adjudicator", but
the same thing has been called the "Abstractor". I think around early
1994, the name just changed without me ever hearing Gary or you or
anyone else pronounce the new name aloud, and I actually never
noticed. (May as well have been "Axxxxxxtor".) Although the latter
name hits the nail more on the head, I sort of like it less, because
it's not the only place in LS where abstract things are dealt
with. Does it bother you a lot to have the name flip-flop? Ideally, it
would have been the same all along, but there's already some
inconsistency on it. Anyway...

	The Thematic Focus will have a row for each letter. In
addition, there will be 2 (maybe 3, but I think 2 is good) rows called
the Gridfont Themes. These are culled from the letter-rows. Basically,
this allows for 3 levels of enforcement, like the different strength
links in Copycat. Something in a letter row is the lowest
level... it's been seen in just one letter. These things may be
spurious, and not really part of the style. The first row of the
Gridfont Themes (hence, GT) will be those things seen in more than one
letter. Maybe that row should be called "Gridfont Trends". Then, the
second row of GT (maybe just call this one "Gridfont Themes", or
"Gridfont Properties") will have things that have been seen in enough
places to be sure that they ARE part of the style. Such as if they
occur in 4 of 4 gridletters seen so far, or 12 of 16.

	Adjudicator Codelets:

1) Archiver: Places information from the Examiner (the exact
gridletter, and its role fillers) into the Thematic Focus. Will just
run once for each run of Adjudicator.
2) Primer: Gives a small perk of activation (potentially either
positive or negative) to style concepts based on what stylistic
properties have already been put into Gridfont Themes.
3) Comparer: Takes the labels of a given role filler, and comparing
them to the expected labels for that role, comes up with the norm
violations this implies. For example, if a part is expected to be very
tall, and it only comes up tall, then SHORTER is reified in the
Workspace. Maybe this will activate appropriate style concepts, but
that could be done elsewhere.
4) Unlacer: Find the tips/endpoints of a role-filler, and note the
difference between where they are and where you'd expect them. Another
type of norm violation. Could just be dumped into the Comparer type.
5) Matcher: Note how the role-fillers touch in relation to how the
whole's r-roles dictate. Whether they should touch and don't, or
vice-versa, etc. Again, a norm violation, and this could be heaped
together with #4 under the Comparer name.
6) Constable: See if an abstract rule is being adhered to, and if so,
reify that in the Workspace.
7) Worm (alternate: "Termite"): Start from a random junction on the
gridletter, and crawl around for a few quanta, making random turns as
we go. Record these as motifs in the Workspace. These may be either
stored as literal sequences of quanta, or compass directions (North,
Northeast, East) or as angles (0, +45, +45). Each of the three will be
employed.
8) Promoter: Compare a stylistic entity in the Workspace (Norm
Violation, Abstract Rule or Motif) and try to form a link between it
and a corresponding entity in the other rows of the Thematic
Focus. This may lead to the property being promoted (or demoted) to a
different place in the hierarchy. This will affect activations and
temperature, and be affected by prior activations. Sort of a major
codelet. Maybe best to just do the noticing here, and the
promoting/demoting elsewhere?
9) Spread-style-activation: Like is the Examiner. If a concept for
HEIGHT has high activation, that should activate or inhibit
appropriately related concepts.

	Whew. That's a mouthful. I'll table discussion about which
codelets should post which others (not too hard to figure out), and
what the specifics of the stylistic concepts network look like for
now.

	Basically, this module should not be of quite the scope of the
Examiner. And, I'm also working on the Drafter at the same time. Some
code has been written for the Adjudicator, while Drafter things remain
on paper. I doubt now if it'll be producing gridfonts in December, but
not too long after that, I hope.
	-JAR
-- 
I've tried all season to put my thumb on it, but perhaps the problem
is bigger than my thumb.
	-Reyna Thompson

From rehling Wed Sep 24 15:52:37 1997
Received: by horsie.cogsci.indiana.edu.cogsci.indiana.edu
	(4.1/9.2jsm) id AA11231; Wed, 24 Sep 97 15:52:27 EST
From: John Rehling <rehling>
Subject: Adjudictor Outards
To: dughof (Douglas Hofstadter), rehling (John Rehling)
Date: Wed, 24 Sep 1997 15:52:26 -0500 (EST)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24]
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Length: 3815      
Status: O

	In a nutshell, here's how I see the Adjudicator working. Of
course, my description is very serial while the real workings will be
all Coderacked and parallel-like.

	The Examiner hands us its output, the gridletter having been
identified as a particular role-set, with the gridletter parsed into a
set of role-fillers, with each role having a bunch of labels attached.

	A first quick phase will look at the Gridfont Themes row of
the Thematic Focus... the stylistic properties found in previously-
Adjudicatored letters. This will lightly activate stylistic concepts
(positively or negatively), to allow them to influence what happens
throughout the Adjudicator.

	In the second phase, we begin to identify the stylistic
properties of the gridletter.
	To detect norm violations in role-fillers, we compare the
various labels to what we expect to find for that role. If we see
VERY-TALL, and we expected TALL, then we reify the stylistic property
TALLER. If we expect RIGHT and CENTER, and we see LEFT and CENTER,
then we reify SHIFTED-LEFT. These reified stylistic properties are
placed into the Workspace for the time being.
	In addition, there are r-role norm violations possible:
something along the lines of SHOULD-TOUCH-BUT-DONT,
DONT-TOUCH-BUT-SHOULD, etc.
	Finally, for norm violations, there are those regarding
locations of tips. Every role without closure will have norms for two
endpoints. Endpoint norm violations will note any straying from the
normal positions of these.
	To detect adherence to an abstract rule, we run a check on the
entire gridletter. NO-DIAGONALS, for instance. These are also added to
the Workspace.
	To find motifs, a few Worms are dropped onto random locations
of the Gridletter, and random walks along its quanta are
performed. The paths the Worms follow are recorded as motifs, again,
in the Workspace. Some Worms will record their motifs in terms of the
exact quanta involved. Example: (36, 49, 39). Some will record them in
terms of compass directions. Example: (Northeast, Southeast,
Southwest). Some will record them in terms of angles of turns made
after each quantum. Example: (90-right, 90-right).

	That all is more or less one phase (the second). The norm
violations and abstract rules will activate concepts in the perceptual
memory, whose influence will in turn influence future activity, in
this phase in others. So, when it's noticed that one thing is TALLER,
there'll be a slight prejudice for TALLER being noticed in other
contexts.

	In the third phase, the stylistic properties in the Workspace
will be mapped with those in the Thematic Focus. A mapping will be
made between the Workspace stylistic properties and compatible
stylistic properties in either the rows of the Thematic Focus
corresponding to other letters, or directly to the Gridfont Themes
row.
	For example, let's say we've noticed an abstract rule for
NO-DIAGONALS and it's been reified in the Workspace. That could map to
NO-DIAGONALS in another, previously-Adjudicatored letter's row of the
Thematic Focus or the Gridfont Themes row, or it could map to the
less-general NO-BACKSLASHES or NO-FORESLASHES. These mappings will
show how the gridfont's style (as seen so far) is realized in the
gridletter now being Adjudicated.

	In the fourth phase, the mapping will be evaluated. When we
notice a mapping to something already in the Thematic Focus, the
temperature falls. When we see something in the Workspace that doesn't
correspond to anything in the TF, or vice-versa, the temperature goes
up. During this phase, or perhaps in the third one (the two will
actually be quite intertwined), stylistic properties in the Thematic
Focus may be promoted to a higher level of enforcement.

	[END NUTSHELL]

	Come ti sembra?
	-JAR
-- 
All cases are unique and very similar to others.
	-T.S. Eliot

