New Checklist 3/17/99

***

Probably promoting literal motifs too much
Eventually, we'll want to consider flow
Sporadic high temps?
 May see (made these numbers up) temps of 21, 28, 73, 24 on runs
 of same letter

test-3-17 has data

***

CHECK Promotion (more or less)

IGNORE Activation

CHECK Temperature (very important, what's more!)

PONDER Top-down, Bottom-up flow

***


Note: motif matches will not be made between two motifs which have
overlap, but the overlap itself is in two or more non-contiguous
stretches (Example: will NOT detect (4 49 7 6) (4 5 37 6) overlap)
This is a huge savings computationally, so dandy. It can still find
the overlap if smaller versions of the same motifs exist

Tinker with temperature
 Does salience need to come into it? Level does. A high-level
 bridge-back failure ought to cost dearly
 Low-level, but salient
  Find -- lower temp a lot
  Don't find -- shouldn't hurt you
 High-level, low salience
  Find -- lower temperature, but not too much
  Don't find -- raise temperature more
 In other words -- very salient means more lowering
Top-down/bottom-up flow
  bridges posted by SP-finders
  number of bridges per level ought to be principled by stuff there
  bridge-back failure leads to search for new SPs
  handle the messy job of having all three phases going on at once?
    in an intricate dance?
Activations -- What for, and when?
  How else would you relate less height, less width and less weight?
  Could it be used just in the Drafter? Don't see it helping here.

Keep a list where you tack the letter onto the workspace and file
it away; if you need to delete it, you can re-arrange the lower two
levels of the TF

More complex promotion/demotion
 NVs should be promoted only with prob 1/number-of-roles
 Some NVs are more general than others
 Some rules are more general than others
 Demotion should be more likely at higher levels
 Big motifs should not be replaced with smaller matches

On higher levels -- remove motifs which are subsets of bigger ones?

Motif types
 Full hierarchy would be:
  literal, translations, rotate/reflect 180, rotate/reflect 90,
  rotate/reflect 45/135
  FULLY IMPLEMENTED BUT FOR THE MATCHING


