when you get to the Central Loop, on re-draws of bad letters, reject
the order used in drawing them the first time

***

Drafter/Adjudicator TO-DOs:

	1) SPEED of motifs -- just terrible; caching doesn't help
	2) multiple TOUCH NORMS
PROPOSAL: have a secondary touch norm, and handle it in a hack-y way
	3) loops and dot
	4) draw from either direction
	5) tip-2-looking-ahead; I snipped -- put it back?
***

concerns

	1) curvature -- go to calculating based on form? maybe for
penultimate step(s) -- not good as sole method of calculating
curvature at beginning -- what you have now is sort of a trick to get
anticipation in the mix
	2) NEIGHBORHOODS -- perhaps just a small tie-breaker?
	3) tip-2-looking-ahead; I snipped -- put it back?

***

ADJ only

	1) Unfortunately, seems to be a conflict in that Adjudicator
wants to really bias levels for scoring, but not so much for Drafter
or maybe even for building TF with Adjudicator; maybe another
parameter to kludge this?

	1) the WORM is giving us motifs which are biased, as regard
their distribution about the gridletter they bore into
Example: Benzene Right quanta, and sizes of literal motifs that
comtain them (after explore-font 'br)
5	3, 2, 5, 2, 1, 2, 4, 3 = 22
36	3, 1, 4, 2, 2, 5, 1, 2, 2, 4, 3 = 29
23	3, 2, 3, 4, 3, 1, 2, 5, 4, 3 = 30
8	3, 2, 2, 3, 4, 2, 3, 5, 4 = 28
39	1, 3, 1, 2, 3, 4, 2, 3, 5 = 24
	NOTE 5/36 discrepancy, despite the fact that they both occur
in each training letter
	NOTE
	size of motif is influencing score, through the back door, via
draft-level-score (just a touch, though)

	solved, I think, by making motifs actually work! 7/19/99

	6) make weight a punish-hard dimension
	1) partial credit for norms filled by tip-2
	COMMENT: this would only be for norm-progress; just calculate
these for quanta plus tipS (count tip-1; highly relevant for the first
step, which is a lulu); make it some fraction of the current
norm-progress

Hmmm.. in general, finding gold is better than finding tin
but lacking tin is worse than lacking gold

Drafter and adj-bridge successes is like finding gold
adj-bridge failures are like lacking tin

thus we need two importance functions

	0) profound bias for upper "corner rounding" in SPs over lower
"corner rounding" when trained on b, c, e, f, g; is this because of
`f', or because of geometry of motif-worm cutoffs near junctions?
	COMMENT: must not demote unfound motifs
	BING!? demotion should pertain to sp-prob?
	BING-er: focus on levels should not be so strong (power of 5)
	can we un-do this in Drafter, but leave it in Adjudicator?
	Why, yes, we can.

SO-SO	3) curvature -- getting close, but make sure homing is merely
a tiebreaker, that *straight* points where it should (needn't force
into a 45-degree step off the grid, perhaps that local twists contrary
to the general curve are solidly punished; multiple norms?

DONE	8) SPs we take from TF to influence drawing -- have enough?
Why not just take from TF on the fly? Or if pre-processing helps, get
them all? Is their level-skewed representation important?


	1) count role-fillers in common with library in lowering
temperature?
	2) number of bridges?
	3) SLOW -- ~1:45 per run with 400 of each type of bridge
	4) bigger letters win on motif scoring; have to adjust for
that, maybe by punishing for having extra stuff not in the TF
	5) smaller motifs -- punish more for bridge failure
           reward less for bridge find


	1) scoring not great
	Yet to test with levels included in found-ahead
	*full-levels* should count in all the four thermostat calls
	2) Speed
DONE	cut motif-sublist searches in half?
	still sucks
	3) Stable? Run twice. I doubt that we have enough codelets
running, depressingly
	IDEA: focus on top levels even more sharply; not power of two
per level, but power of FOUR, say
	WHY NO NVs promoted in explore SHORTS???!?!?!?

LS

	1) If only, say, 30% of your letters drawn are real keepers,
do you want to muddle the Thematic Focus with their crap? One
solution: only add letter's stuff to TF if the score is under
threshold

***

DONE	2) bigger punishment for bigger norm/nv slips
DONE	3) IMPORTANCE -- weighting level scores for Adj/Draft, SP-type
and level

DONE	2) bridge-ahead motif-match (via motif-DB) DOES NOT WORK!
DONE	3) scoring thrown off by changes; motifs should be expected to
be rare, and you shouldn't punish much if they don't show up
(economically use drafter importance function?)
OK	4) I upset the applecart with favored sp-types; put the apples
back? (I think not; but you can streamline the code by using normal
roulette function)


***

	DIFFERENT adjusted-level-score for rules and motifs
	We punished non-literal motifs far too much for rules'
insolence
	Also, val-to-val NVs should get more credit than relatives

	AND the NV distinction and possibly a more pronounced motif
distinction should be incorporated into the ADJUDICATOR

	should IMPORTANCE be given a unified definition, or should
drafting involve, say, the non-literal motif types less than
adjudicating?

***

	LIKES TO ADD LAST STEP IF IT SATISFIES MOTIF, even if it mucks
up other stuff

	Rules too weak

	Maybe roles and motifs need different level-score functions?

	Here's the problem: the idea of quit-consider is being screwed
up by the difference between touch-continue and touch-quit; fix this
and be king; we were going to rework touching anyway, so have at

***

BIG DRAFTER TO-DOs:

multiple touch norms -- may restructure whole touching code!!!

deletion of touch items from touch list, and moving to avoid list
 2ms -- put on touch list twice; only put on avoid when both are gone

curvature -- punish local wrong-turns?

homing and heading probably still not right
 certainly in case of *straight*; maybe OK otherwise
 use non-grid current->tip-2 calculation; needn't cram into 45/90/etc
 framework

neighborhoods

loops & dots

draw from either direction

***

I think NEIGHBORHOOD could help, if you can believe it

be able to draw from other direction, and make sure role-defs allow
quitting, say, when left-post collides with circle

don't-touch should affect the quanta and second point down the road in
picking initial tips

mid-q touch should not count very positively for touching

tip-picking doesn't discriminate which end of favored quanta are
favored by end norms

loops and dots

may *tip-2* "tip off" nvs, rules, etc?
 to wit, if you know (suspect, actually) that you get to that point,
 then you can consider that norm slightly less urgent than others

touch-info flawed for three-role wholes
 problem is, how to update in the face of 2ms touch norm?

a homing-style aim at *to-touch*?
 (think of the second role in x aiming at the middle of the first)

motifs -- score based on *own-stuff*, but should include *other-stuff*
as well (but less?)

bigger discrepancies from busted norm/goal equal bigger penalties

maybe go looking for single-quanta motifs for the next step, at least,
via motif-match? (gestalt-like thinking)

have to be able to accomodate any of multiple touch norms

...and multiple curve norms

homing/heading still not right

***
(checked todo's) 

avoid-quanta, avoid-tips MUST influence tip selection

motifs likely biased badly

ALWAYS look ahead one step after the end (~UNLESS you are at *tip-2*)

***

experimental examination of component values
1 breadcrumbs
2 tips
3 homing
4 norm met
5 norm progress
6 rules
7 motifs
