	LOOP

	Seedify in other parts of try-cat, not just the one

***

	THINGS YOU WON'T ADDRESS
	Examine to force role-set choice (b2 vs. b1)
	role borrowing with transformation (left post -> right post)
	NVs for curvature and touching to influence drafting directly

***

new eval routine:

eval new gridletter once
cond
	way the best: keep it
	way worse: ditch it
	within margin: eval new one again and old one again
	 then keep or ditch based on means
	
***

	Make the Library work.

	EXAMINER
	hangs when only one part of i is drawn!

	ADJUDICATOR (horror of horrors!)

	experimenting on 11/11 with tightening up
	scale on Adj thermo, to avoid "edge effects" of 0 & 100
	Calibration counts normal thermostats as 1/10 of old scale,
	but role-filler matches still big (though smaller than in old
	adj tests)

	ADJUDICATOR
	AND, library should count in the score
	r-role NVs in the score, right?
	make massive addition of sets of weights to govern temperature
settings? Drafter has this, in addition to level-expect...

	Get Examiner and Adjudicator scores scales MUCH better
	style knob has to turn down much faster; maybe randomize it,
so that low-style settings get tried earlier, but without disabling
possibility of high-style later
RANDOMIZE IT ANYWAY! all the time! hi/lo style

DRAFTER

	draw from both ends
	DRH: make loop motifs higher-priority (nix)
	let motifs be a bit longer than now
	Borrow with non-identical role fillers (like cap and crossbar)

LOOP

cache ALL former tries, and don't Examine/Adj any
allow borrowing only once per category
punish r-role NVs more
borrow role fillers sometimes
	I'd like to:

	Make it a bigger penalty of r-role violations
	 update role-defs touching info
	Make the Adjudicator run fewer bridges
	 especially when only one item is in TF (OK?)

***

	ADJUDICATOR
	just seems to work crummy; at least for the multiple-choice
font-test
	after 9 of 21 proposed test sets, correct 57 of 170 (34%)

	TOO SLOW on second letter... FIX!

	Possible fixes:
	1) Return to old values for temperature-setting
	2) Larger motifs
	3) More codelets

	bug in (roulette *fillers*) when the latter is null


	DRAFTER
	Bigger randomness budget for TIPS as well as QUANTA
		*tip-randomness* * 0.99 per draft (in coderack.ss)
	make all motifs higher priority?
		when house `o' is not House-y, that's bad
	more random in tip selection; it won't bite you!
	enforce touching even more in tip selection?

	even more random?
	fewer codelets?

	! more random as it goes
	canonicalize old gridletters, so that order diffs != diff identity
	text/graphics bells and whistles

	NOW: Why the anomalous BIG thermos?
	Example: TestSet0 house z benzene-left 10.377
	It was when the Examiner failed; Exm temp was reported

	filler reward from library matches does not work!
	doesn't identify old filler correctly
	doesn't canonicalize quanta lists for correct ID
	small influence, anyway -- far too small
	More sugar per motif? (Remember j)
	Tip flips for bisegments -- seems to work
	Test it! The randomness thing (loop issue) shouldn't matter,
though you need to write routines for separate Exam/Adj scores and
mass testing with same seeds



LOOP
	weight Exam vs. Adj better?
	what to do with "bad seeds"??? let the program stink
	make margin for comparing old champ again bigger
	OR: have multiple modes! (meta-roulette)
		pick worst OR pick by roulette
	incorporating new letters' style
		raise threshold as time goes by
		OR, just gradually slide it down
		fix it so that the second of two is recognized iff good
	CHOICE OF NEXT CAT: maybe subtract some points first, or raise
	to power; and of course, relativize
	if everything's a seed, quit!
	Bigger probability of borrowing (use new n-percent function)

	stingier in seedifying

	after every update-tf, sweep to see if anything else can be
	seedified (or as cats are re-tried later, seedify old champ,
	where applicable)?

	Seedifying
		add percentilage?
	Cat-choice -- favor borrowable categories?
	role borrowing
		halfposts, arcs and arches
		right tail and right curl?
	text output for seed-approval
